With Hong's bacteria
circulating, the fate of Earth
falls on the shoulders of the
Annex 1 crew.
Keiji, locked in brutal combat
with Xi, refuses to abandon
principle,
regardless of the steep odds
and violent blows he faces.
His endurance stems from a
deep sense of obligation.
Keiji does not intend to kill
his foe, and wishes no ill will
upon any human combatant.
Rather, Keiji's suffering offer
to buy more time for Wolf and
the others to reach the
communications room, and notify
Earth of their dire situation.
(Joseph)
If Wolf can successfully hack
into the radio tower, we can
re-establish communication with
Earth and tell them about Squad
4's treachery.
They'll send help,
Then we'll regroup with the
other survivors and finally
return to Earth
Which is why I must ensure
nothing gets in our way.
I'm heading for Liu.
Once he realizes you've escaped,
he won't hesitate to fire
another missile...
...He doesn't need you alive
for what he has planned.
Until next time, Michelle!
And stay out of trouble, our
dinner on Earth awaits!
[groan]
Sounds good!
Friendly dinner for
three, can't wait!
[unhappy groan]
[nervous laugh]
Well then It's gonna be
an awkward flight back.
Yeah. If we survive long enough.
(Bao)
Uh, General Aren't you
concerned about all of them ?
Their numbers do not concern
me at the moment.
They'll be dealt with in time.
Once you have the First and the
Second in your sights, open fire
immediately.
We'll bring 'em back,
dead or alive.
O-kay then!
How many more of you
do I need to kill!?
Akari and Michelle, your
bodies will be mine!
[fighting grunts]
[grunt] Ivan! Do it!
Right.
Captain! The swarm is coming
from the direction of the
Annex 1!
My guess is they're
trying to escape from Squad
4's little toxin girl.
[grunt]
[coughing]
(Wolf)
Shhh.
(Thinking)
We don't have much time...
With the amount of toxic air
we've been inhaling, we've only
got about six minutes
I can do this...
...I can do this!
♪
[computer glitching]
We only have six minutes
to hack the radio tower?
There's just no way.
That's not enough time!
I know...
I've got this horrible
pit in my stomach.
Like it's the night before
finals, and I've only just
begun to study.
Trust me Amelia, I know
exactly how you feel.
I... I always crack
under pressure...
I've been that way
my whole life.
In college, at work I
could never keep up.
[employee chatter]
Headed home?
Yeah.
Have a great weekend.
[heavy breathing]
[gasp]
All my work just disappeared
Tomorrow's my wedding day!
There's no time!
[enraged yell]
(Wolf Thinking)
I couldn't do it on my own.
There was no way to fix it.
...So I ran...
(Company President)
Wolf, you idiot! What
the hell have you done?!
He still submitted it
without fixing the bug?
What was he thinking?
Now the whole office is screwed
because he couldn't do his damn
job.
(Wolf)
The stress from it all made me
physically ill; I had to quit.
It wasn't long before I fell
into a deep depression.
My marriage fell apart, and my
wife divorced me.
I'd never been more alone.
[gasp]
no It's not just because of me
I finally have the support
of a real team. I have all of
you.
(Ryuichi)
Wolf...
(Wolf thinking)
On Earth, we were nothing
but a bunch of outcasts.
Skilled misfits given mediocre
abilities and shipped to Mars
to get our hands dirty.
But here
Together. We are more.
(Wolf)
Okay everyone, this is it!
Nothing's gonna stop us from
taking this tower back from
those Squad 4 bastards.
It's time to restore
communications between
Earth and Mars!
If we can reach HQ back home,
they may be able to dispatch a
rescue unit before it's too
late.
Once we tell them what Squad 4
has really been up to,
it might put them in a position
where they're forced to
surrender.
We're really gonna
pull this off.
We're gonna make it
If we don't, we all die.
[gasp]
[bloody cough]
I don't know how much
more time I can buy them.
The toxin is working its way
through me too quickly.
[small gasp]
[groan]
(Keiji thinking)
When I lost my arm... The wound
was exposed to bacteria.
[computer whirring]
[gasp]
Don't stop...
No... not now!
(Xi Thinking)
How's he still alive?
If I had stayed out of my suit
any longer, Hong's bacteria
would have destroyed my central
nervous system leaving
me paralyzed.
Had he not insisted on me
covering up, I'd have been
helpless, and he would've easil
succeeded.
All without every
laying a hand on me.
...Shit!
Wait! Where in the hell do
you think you're going?
Huh? I'm gonna track down the
others The bacteria will finish
this one off soon enough.
Come on, do us a favor and
kill him before you leave.
can't protect Hong in
my current condition.
[sigh]
(Wolf)
I can't do this without you
guys. Stay with me!
(Ryuji)
Keep it together, don't scream!
You don't have to worry about
him. He doesn't have long.
If the bacteria doesn't kill
him, the internal bleeding will.
Are you willing to bet
Hong's life on that?
If he's faking, and you
leave us here alone
He'll kill us both, and gain
access to the communication
room,
Just 'cause you got soft!
[gasp]
(Ryuichi)
If we try to kill that thing,
Squad 4 will hear us.
But if we do nothing, it'll kill
us before we can get our signal
out.
[grunt] You're right Bao
I'll finish him.
[gasps]
[sobs]
[loud crash]
What?
Shit.  They're already inside?!
[grunts]
We've come too far I
won't let you stop us!
I'm gonna finish this,
once and for all!
Understand!?
[screaming in pain]
[horrified gasps]
Keiji!
[gasp]
[attack grunts]
[grunt] You sneaky bastards!
[countdown beeping]
[attack grunts]
Damnit! I don't believe it.
He really
was faking it!
Finish up!
You okay?
[gasp]
[scream]
Jo!
How in the hell is he still
standing?!
...The impact from my punch
should have killed him.
Hey asshole! What do
you think you're doing?
You like picking
on defenseless
little girls?
[growl]
You'll pay for that!
Th-This can't be happening.
Not when we're so close!
Our simple masks are about to
become obsolete in 3 minutes.
If we don't resume the hack,
we'll never make it in time.
I can't let them take back
control of the tower
ut if I don't deal with Keiji o
that roach, I'll never be able
to stop them.
And if I focus my attention on
Keiji, overgrown pest will kill
Hong the second I turn my back.
(Keiji thinking)
We don't have time for this!
If I attack one, the other will
kill my teammates without a
second's hesitation.
What's it gonna be
Make up your mind, Keiji!
I choose my own path,
I must protect the team.
Brace yourselves!
[attack cry]
[nervous gasps]
(Xi thinking)
What the hell is he thinking!?
...He'll kill us all!
Ryuichi! Ryuji!
On it!
[grunt]
(Hong)
[fearful cries]
[gasps]
[grunts]
Wolf I'm... I'm sorry.
Don't be.
mean Keiji, you were faced with
an impossible choice, and you
decided to save our lives.
[cries]
I don't believe it.
We were so close.
[exhale]
Jo- Jo!
Huh?
[attack grunt]
[gasps]
(Narrator)
Native to the African savannah,
the Honey Badger, a mustelid, i
known for its savage ferocity
and willingness to
attack any foe.
It fears nothing, including
predators larger than itself.
The Honey Badger is a vicious
carnivorous creature,
of which the wiser animals
actively avoid.
Besides being venom resistant
the skin of the Honey Badger is
extraordinarily thick.
It's capable of absorbing and
distributing the impact from
almost any blow.
Not a lion's claw, or a
porcupine's quill can pierce
through the hide of this beast.
It's why the Honey Badger is
feared by virtually every
creature in the animal kingdom.
Listen, Keiji
You've proven that you're quick
and powerful, but you transfer
your force incorrectly.
We've run out of options here.
It's either us , or the roach.
Neither of us want to lose
any more team mates. We're
only gonna have one shot.
You hear me?
[bloody cough]
Match my timing, and punch with
everything you've got.
Don't hold back.
I'll guide your strike and
you kill the ugly freak.
[gasp]
It's after Hong!
Its joints should
still be vulnerable.
Absorb that !
(Keiji Thinking)
It flipped to avoid injury!
It must be trained
in the martial arts.
That was just what we needed!
With the energy from that
roaches spin, Keiji's punch
should be more than enough to
finish the job!
[Attack grunt]
[grunts]
(Xi)
Nothing Not a scratch.
I need to strike the
sub-esophageal ganglion
with a concentrated blow.
[fighting grunts]
Hey, over here!
Ju...
Get up...
[groan]
Not so fast...
My name is Xi Chun-Li.
Your life ends here.
(Xi)
Now Onizuka!
Please, no!
[gasp]
If I'm not mistaken,
you can still see me.
Now he blushes.
The killing blow
Everything rests on this!
I'll strike with you
We only have one shot.
[attack grunt]
[bloody cough]
[labored breathing]
Xi, please no!
Keiji, you fool
Thank you, but...
but you've only prolonged
the inevitable.
The hack is a failure
Once again, I've failed
my team mates.
Michelle, Akari, and the others
risked everything for this plan
I've failed the Captain,
who bet everything on us
And I've failed you,
Keiji. Forgive me.
Everyone pinned their hopes
on me, and I've failed them.
(Amelia)
Don't go giving up yet.
[gasp]
(Amelia)
We've still got
a planet to save.
Amelia...!
(Amelia)
Wolf, You got us right
to the finish line.
And Keiji, you fought so hard
and endured so much, just to
buy us time.
Your sacrifices will
not be in vain!
♪
(Amelia)
I will see this through
till the end I swear it!